# Thursday

## Write a review and reflection of your experiences in this course, as this is the last lecture before your final project, what are your concerns, how do you plan to manage your time, what have you enjoyed most about the course up to this point.

I have definetly had some ups and downs with the course. Definetly more ups though. I am a little worried about the final just because it is the final but I am comforted that it will be ok because during our practices this week I feel comfortable with the things we have worked on. I feel like I know the material so I should be able to be sucessful but there is always that little worry in the back of my mind that says "you don't know enough, if you fail you won't have a job and be able to provide for your family...". I know it's not something to truly worry about but it is still there. My plan is to just put the work in and know that I will do my best. Normally I do a long day of service for my church on Saturday but I got a sub to fill in for me so I can spend as much time as possible on the project over the weekend. I am going to try to enjoy my Friday night with friends (not all night but a few hours for sure), work most of Saturday, church and whatnot on Sunday but to spend the rest of the day working on it. My goal is to be passed by Wednesday afternoon. That will give me the rest of the week to just make it look like something I'd be proud to present. 
The thing I've enjoyed the most thus far has been the capstone project. I really enjoyed working as part of a group with us all have a vision and goal in mind. It has also been great to work with some awesome people and to get to know them. 

LInk: NO link. In class ALL DAY LONG!